# Example project
An Example project to demonstrate functionality and best practices for using Kaluga.

## Overview
This example project has the following parts:
- An Android app in [android](/android)
- A shared code module in [shared](/shared). This exposes an Android library, and a Kotlin/Native sourceset that depends on a common source set. These are then included in the build of the Android and iOS example apps respectively.
- An iOS app in [ios](/ios)

## Running
To access the shared code, simply open this folder in Android Studio. From there you can build the Android module and shared code.
At times the latest Beta or Canary release is needed (see [DEVELOP](/DEVELOP.md))

The iOS example can be built using XCode using the [Demo XCode Project](/ios/Demo.xcodeproj).
The iOS projects uses [Kaluga SwiftUI](https://github.com/splendo/kaluga-swiftui) for bridging the project to SwiftUI. This requires installing by running `sh install.sh` from the `ios` folder.

## Configuration
The example app can load the main components either through your (local) maven repository, or as gradle modules.

The advantage of using a gradle module is that you can edit the source of components and run them in the example right away, without needing to publish them to maven first.

By default Kaluga dependency is included as a composite build. You also can put the property `kaluga.exampleEmbeddingMethod=composite` in the `local.properties` file in the root of the project (this file is already generated by your IDE normally) to specify it explicitly. To enable maven use `kaluga.exampleEmbeddingMethod=repo`.

You can also set the `kaluga.exampleMavenRepo` property to specify which maven repo to look in. By default this is `mavenLocal()` (this can also be used by explicitly setting the value `local`). For example to set this to the sonatype snapshot repository use:

```properties
kaluga.exampleMavenRepo=https://s01.oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/
```

### Links
In order to make kaluga-links example work correctly, you must sign the app with a signing certificate belonging to our team or using the `debug.keystore` file we provide.

#### Why?
The goal of the example is to show the usages of `links` module, but on top of that we are also showing the flow where user are redirected to the app without being asked "Open with..." dialog.
To do so the backend must contain in `https://whatever.domain/.well-known` two file named respectively `assetlinks.json` and `apple-app-site-association`.

## Android
`assetlinks.json` should have the following format

```
[
  {
    "relation": ["delegate_permission/common.handle_all_urls"],
    "target": {
      "namespace": "android_app",
      "package_name": "app.package",
      "sha256_cert_fingerprints": [
          <sha256_fingerprint_1>,
          ...
          <sha256_fingerprint_n>,
      ]
    }
  }
]
```
[More info about Android App Links](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links).

## iOS
While `apple-app-site-association` will be

```
{
    "applinks": {
        "apps": [], // This array MUST be empty (for more info check Universal link's doc below). -->
        "details": [
            {
                "appID": "appId",
                "paths": ["path_1", "path_2"] // Use wildcard "*" if you accept every path.
            }
        ]
    }
}
```
`appId` = `teamId`.`bundleId`
[More info about iOS Universal Links](https://developer.apple.com/ios/universal-links/).
