# Example project

This example project has the following parts:
- An android app in [android]
- A shared code module in [shared]. This exposes and android library, and kotlin native sourceset that depends on a common source set. These are then included in the build of the iOS and Android example apps.
- An iOS app in [iOS]

The example app can load the main components either through your (local) maven repository, or as gradle modules.

The advantage of using a gradle module is that you can edit the source of components and run them in the example right away, without needing to publish them to maven first.

By default maven is not used. To enable usage put the property `exampleAsRoot=true` in the `local.properties` file in the root of the project (this file is already generated by your IDE normally)

### Links
In order to make kaluga-links example work correctly, you must sign the app with a signing certificate beloging to our team or using the `debug.keystore` file we provide.

#### Why?
The goal of the example is to show the usages of `links` module, but on top of that we are also showing the flow where user are redirected to the app without being asked "Open with..." dialog.
To do so the backend must contain in `https://whatever.domain/.well-known` two file named respectively `assetlinks.json` and `apple-app-site-association`.

## Android
`assetlinks.json` should have the following format

```json
[
  {
    "relation": ["delegate_permission/common.handle_all_urls"],
    "target": {
      "namespace": "android_app",
      "package_name": "app.package",
      "sha256_cert_fingerprints": [
          <sha256_fingerprint_1>,
          ...
          <sha256_fingerprint_n>,
      ]
    }
  }
]
```
[More info about Android App Links](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links).

## iOS
While `apple-app-site-association` will be

```json
{
    "applinks": {
        "apps": [], // This array MUST be empty (for more info check Universal link's doc below).
        "details": [
            {
                "appID": "appId",
                "paths": ["path_1", "path_2"] // Use wildcard "*" if you accept every path.
            }
        ]
    }
}
```
`appId` = `teamId`.`bundleId`
[More info about iOS Universal Links](https://developer.apple.com/ios/universal-links/).

# Using IDEs

The iOS app can be opened by either XCode or Appcode. The advantage of AppCode is you will also have access to the kotlin sources, including the ability to set breakpoints. 

The Android app can be opened with Android Studio, though IntelliJ IDEA might also work. To use a unified structure that is also supported by Appcode, the root `settings.gradle` file is under [ios/Supporting Files], so this is the directory to open with Android studio. 